add link to fusion changelog (#8974)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

Release notes are grouped by month for both multi-tenant and virtual private cloud (VPC) environments.

> For <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> updates, check out the [dbt-fusion changelog](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-fusion/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

Author: ```suggestion
For <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> updates, refer to the [dbt-fusion changelog](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-fusion/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).
```
